i  don't know how
nobody  in my family would
really  survived
this  is a
on  the line
i  did
as
thousands  of people
a
only  eating ruin and
water
symbol  as roman
scepticism  easy to preach difficult to practice especially
when  there were scientific lines being made but someone selling you a diet book
wherein  a bikini promising the curatores on that you feel great that you look great give you
the  body of your dreams will at the same time helping you indulge in
some  of your bad habits may be this total ideological package
feels  to ego a little bit more because i also tell you your doctors are wrong
this  woman knows something more medical science is concealing from you with a doctor's
of  field apprehend everything with intolerable how is alive everything everywhere even more told
i  don't have skurliewhitter
in  fact i'm healthy
the  petty much read us the toppest the oberside says
that  the food brain is alive that the whole metrical science is wrong she's overturning the
accumulated  wisdom of centuries
so  many men with long gray beards wearing a coat here it is our
saviour  in a patine
it's  not going to stop
until  some one takes
the  difference between science
since
i  was
so  of two
one  being done
i  then medical
what  were my
as  to
terrible  idiopathic
i  was diagnosed with idiopathic juvenile
idiotic
i  mean there
i  was diagnosed with chronic
anxiety  and hypomania medicated for those mental
so  my bed with
i  was in every
i  walked around in a haze
i  was
i
next  four years reading as many signs of age
the  underlying causes
thousands  of
they  eventually led me to the conclusion that gluten could be
and  maybe that was causing
she's  engaging in
stages
number  one make the illness
number  two make the cure
and  the number three years trust her by the book believe in the
cure  et cet
she  told you a whole lot of things there go to diagnose
mysteriously  she omitted the one that really
linda
miss  she had that caused all the symptoms
is  not mysterious
has  been explained by sin
it  was proven with a blood test
she  had lined as
and  a story for an early early day possibly from when she was a
small  baby or toddler she had lying disease all along
she  that list of that list of symptoms it sure see mysterious until
you  had a diagnosis of lime disease that for some reason you don't mention here and seeing your diet book
yes  symptoms of lime disease rash fever chills headache fatigue it's a
long  long list but if you look down there on the bottom right corner circle it is read there
is  arthritis so yes it was mysterious
that  is such a young person she had arthritis or at least the symptoms of arthritis
a  lot less mysterious when you know that he
line  disease oh and guess what she was on a whole lot of medications he
saw  the list on screen briefly there if you go through those medications there certainly the possibility
that  they interact with inane and they have a even a longer list of side effects
than  list of sentire already looking at for lying disease alone she was on baltic
nothing  wrong with that but guess what del tracks can have negative interactions with arthritis
medicine
also  being on arthritis medicate
i  am not a doctor this is not medical advice but that would certainly be as concern we should look at
you  even if there was no attraction between those two just think about combining the sight
effects  of beltrami the symptoms already mentioned from lying disease which
he  had to
right  headache dizziness tired feeling depression nausea
and  skin rash is here to quite a few of the of the drug she was on
but  already the winders the disease causes skin rakshas many different reasons to
skin  rash and
one  of the main things she completed and there are a whole lot of drugs so we're looking at a
whole  lot of side effects imagine if i gave you the list of side effects for every single drug that was on that
by  thence i guess that's hot
the  note
the  old
and  reenie decrease appetite lost diary a dizziness dramatically
sleep  problems insomnia
that's  a long list of sight effects as he teleprinter
into  the whole nightmarish world of side effect from assinines ence
almost  every problem she was complaining about could hypothetically because by the assessor
or  at least it could be the cause of her perceiving the problem her being upset about the
but  yet another long long list of citico through and he near the top of that last number
two  and lets you notice
and  famine
who  yeh that's got some really interesting side effects
for  it that alone could explain her being awake at night unable to sleep
scratching  her
but  we already have but by other scientifically valid hypothesis for
what  could have caused that including her underlying illness that was not dietary
it  was lying disease
i  thought life had dealt me cards
but  i wasn't in either
i  can turn my dad's house
or  of his auto
stop  dying myself
no  easy
you  have heard automatic
you  know what the difference is between science and religion
if  you were a faith healer and you have a registered church and you say this kind of bushes
legally  you can probably get away with it
if  you're wanting a four profit business a health company and
you  make the claim that you can cure autumntide you make the clean them
to  least two paces yourself and your father you have
cured  altimeters
then  there is going to be a certain level of scientific scrutiny there's good be
a  consideration of evidence
she  later you are going to end up having to defend those claims
in  the court fast as well it naturally happened
when  i had recovered enough from
started  adding in her lifetime
and  i mean extend
water  the
at  inaction
and  i had
both
did  you just claim that you can cure an incurable disease
did  you tell us that you have a register health company that's making
this  and other fabulous claims about the cures you can offer
but  eating at all mean diamantstein
of
could  it be could it be lost time if you
want  to optimist your
the
one  of
sound
greatly
you  can follow
managed  to make it sound really bad to follow like the accumulated wisdom
of  several centuries of research
trial
it's  the word yeah yeah yeah yeah you'd have to be a she
to  care about
opposed  to what you
discovered
sample  size of yourself your mom and your
being  a kind of unreliable witness
we  men what is it you curtain
and  it would be so unreasonable for us to request that you take this sense of mission
and  purpose you have and go back to college
actually  get a diploma that would qualify you to practice medical
science  or at least you know nutrition and dietetics that's not that
hard  at the boat to get canada you can become a qualified nutrition is now
and  then may be you see this anecdotal experience you had in the
context  of who centuries of scientific but now if i can
heal  my
you  can do it too if you allow any one to believe that
they  cured themselves
to  go out and sell that cured others
what  would happen or so
what  ultimately is the limit that separates free enterprise
from  religion that separates science
superstition
this  all ends it will only end when some one drags her into
court
nobody  deserves to
i'm  not any stations
and  i wouldn't become one in
to  feel like i
always  the
i  love to help
the  contrasting perspective i want to present
is  not the elderly white man in a labor
not  informed scientific knowledge on dieting trition
as  embodied by
and  the physicians committee for a sponsible medicine they have their own etienne
defends
i  want to make the point that somebody with absolutely no formal education
quite  capable of reading these kinds of pure remedial studies learning
from  and adapting their own life somewhat in response to the hard and
difficult  facts of nutrition
the  gun would show you know he is a body builder and he is very open about his past in
terms  of
you  know lack of education in terms of mental health problems he had
and  in terms of a long history of being a drug addict
really  really serious hard for drug addicts and managed to get sober he talks all that stuff
doesn't  wear a low cot
he's  mostly known as a former competitive body builder and now a personal
this  guy
is  not began
not  a scientist who doesn't have any ethical concern for the welfare of animals he doesn't
still  able to sit down and read through the facts and foote
and  heating able to come to a very different conclusion
about  who is she
who  is a lion
the  thing that people have been embroidering a people been brainwashed into milk it does
a  body good got milk milk milk milk when your little kid milt thet's to get logically
we  are in our mother's wounding feather milord for mama
when  we are born we have no teeth and a digest is not set up to digest food yet precaution
to  get into our summing it all night just it so therefore are mother produces milk
feed  us now from other can produce no eofor
as  you are too you know get teeth your abeat foods you go on to the solid food
or  like the musherooms as you do that your mother's thought making
because  there's no more need for it so now there's just
you  know even those foods they switched to regular food and set your mamelon makes milk
so  as humans we go ah interesting no well why do we just go think another animal's
milk  at the fox the reason why that cow makes milk is because of the baby cowhands drink
it  like notes shoes for adult species of hanging thing it's all for little babies who have not grown
to  the point where that the justices can function
but  instead like the humans are we are we can do it if the folk we want right where the top the food came and faced take a cow
and  prenatal not we want and unafraid all they long right well we can also think out of the toilet that
right  but i'm saying we can do things so we do to them i mean that we should do that
why  it statford that you know we should not be drinking another animal mellichampe
plant  in simple that's all their doing and there is plenty of lines the information is out there between milk
actual  milk proteins and cancer is undeniable the data as to of
acadia  but nobody wants to look at because i want to rather a and i understand you like but in
so  they came out with a study today while i was meditating
anita  big article about this tug
says  over the past several decades cows milk and his pirates have come to be seen as an essential part of the
day  at the diet of most americans milk and milk products such as cheese your ice cream we
keep  her and battered effectively promoted by the united marketing plan with a budget of excess of unrest
five  million dollars a year but as for motion hasn't been all about arising federal laws mending that all schools were
provide  children with milk at each meal or face the loss of phoedrus not get
this  i think the kid should actually be drinking or
if  there eating food ascetically sound they don't need milk they will have to have milk so are you making them
drink  milk because the food sacks in the school like the truculently tuckered be considered
food  as that i like to try to get some nutrition of them because the food for an socks but anyway
the  response for this mandate have chosen to ignore the fact that it percent of african american
percent  of asian percent of caucasian children are unable to digest sugar lacompte
this  other controversies regarding health consequences derection steadily climbed since nineteen eighty half
of  all ariconium in
comes  in the form of cheese a super concentrator and calcimining saturated in
of  all the orient probably probably the only creatures who routinely consumed
to  prac boebeis
what  has been assumed to be beneficial practices in fact more than merely questionable the scientific evidence
that  the consequences of this practice are devastating drinking moments for the
it  appears likely that no other component in the modern die causes more pain suffering including premature defensibility
the  dairy product
the  compelling scientific evidence that our consumption of day
strong  associated with the following conditions one childhood onset type one diabetes
children  with diabetes interesting because that lack to does react as you insinuate little bit different
they  were two constipation number three is urination and were for signs congestion
anaitis  i think that's the sins from libertin problems including rashes
dermatitis  examined his and acting as is one of the problems poisoning nicotine
the  jest of the service itineration romances disease are threatening pain cancer lion
leukemia  ten obesity
now  there's a mean there's bigger thing in her the problem of milk are numerous all their
products  especially low fat not deifies contain abundant ones of nitrogen not granite most common
commonly  implicated casual factor promoting the disease listed above biological concentration of toxins
formal  or added to the milk
my  eyes are out of given to the cows that went up the milk there it dairy proteins
appeared  to be particularly well suited to simulate an appropriate ammunicion
when  their absorbed through the inflamed intestinal mucous
some  progenitors of the other the contrast environmental the process of
dairy  cattle for
raising  dairy cattle for milk and meat is a major use of fresh water in a leading tribunate
in  half arousin like one not fleckenstein's while but a moral and ethical of course it's like began
sufficeth  talk about in all these different ailments that no causes they know for a fact
the  mill cause of these elements and this is being reported now like thereabout there talking about it all over the place
now  but a lot of fuel don't want to believe it and i just like you know this is what i said this is what i got from my
research  in now ravingly like this this is was actually reported
you  don't see any of the mainstream media reporting it
you  see reporting everything else there's five deaths
five  des from be
and  that's all over the commedia
there  are people every year that the increased back the cancer they have to no products on your pocket word
amount  very strange that five people would die encloser bucketing but it was just a hundred people
a  year the diet of milk products that's a hundred to five near not making a bucanier about it you not saying anything
about  it at the far
no  fence
no  offense herr
can  sir
you  can figure it out
i  don't really believe that science is something that needs to
dumped  down in diluted to be shared with the masses
see  guys like jerry ward botoring
so
people  are capable of just reading scientific findings
for  madam
and  adjusting their own decisions and light
according
it  doesn't take a genius
what  it takes is a commitment
often
honestly
personal
you  can do it
and  when someone steps at a line
and  decides to start making a lot of money by telling people what they want to hear but
presenting  a fable and a photograph themselves in the machine and a dial book
that  tells you of things that are a little bit too good to be true but if only i could believe
when  you go to draw that line between fact and
in
i  will romanticistic myself but the fact that no money andoo